Privacy Policy for Eco-Friendly Glasses Online Store

This Privacy Policy describes how ECOFRAME collects, uses, and shares information when you purchase items from ECOFRAME, interact with us, or use our services.

Information We Collect:

Personal Information: When you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through our website, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as "Order Information."

Device Information: When you visit our website, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.

Usage Information: Additionally, as you browse the website, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the website, and information about how you interact with the website.

How We Use Your Information:

We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the website (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).

Additionally, we use this Order Information to:

Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information and Usage Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our website (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the website, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).

Sharing Your Information:

Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant, or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.

Your Rights:

If you are a European resident, you have the right to access the personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.

Changes:

We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons.

Contact Us:

For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at contact@ecoframe.com.
